Update integration docs for lutron_caseta button platform (#24531)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/lutron_caseta.markdown

For more information on working with binary sensors in Home Assistant, see the [Binary Sensors Component](/components/binary_sensor/)

## Button

> After setup, buttons will appear in Home Assistant using an `entity_id` based on the name used in the Lutron mobile app. For example, a button 'Button 1' on a keypad called 'Front Entrance Keypad' will appear in Home Assistant as `button.front_entrance_keypad_button_1`.

Reviewer: Why does this matter?

Author: Why do the button entities matter?

For the RA3/HWQSX systems, scenes are not exposed by the system.  However we can apply a scene to a keypad button (physical or virtual).  This will allow Home Assistant to execute these scenes.

Author: Is there anything further required to merge this PR?

Reviewer: >  Why do the button entities matter?

No, wny it needs to be explained here in this way. Like, the entity IDs shouldn't matter that much (and are above all not guaranteed or fixed), additionally, the naming in Home Assistant should already provide this context, right?

Reviewer: > Is there anything further required to merge this PR?

Patience 👍

Author: Understood.  I was matching the existing documentation style, but I'll put some thought into a more meaningful entry.

Reviewer: Aah, right, I see, that makes sense. I guess a larger part of the documentation is still from an older era 🤔

> For more information on working with buttons in Home Assistant, see the [Buttons component](/integrations/button/).

Reviewer: Components is not a term we use in user-facing things anymore.

```suggestion
For more information on working with buttons in Home Assistant, see the [Buttons integration](/integrations/button/).
```

For more information on working with binary sensors in Home Assistant, see the [Binary Sensors Component](/components/binary_sensor/)

## Button

Button Entities are created for each Keypad button and Pico Remote button present within the system.

> RA3/HWQSX systems can use these button entities to activate scenes that are defined within the Lutron system.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Radio RA3 and HomeWorks QSX systems can use these button entities to activate scenes defined within the Lutron system.
```

For more information on working with binary sensors in Home Assistant, see the [Binary Sensors Component](/components/binary_sensor/)

## Button

After setup, buttons will appear in Home Assistant using an `entity_id` based on the name used in the Lutron mobile app. For example, a button 'Button 1' on a keypad called 'Front Entrance Keypad' will appear in Home Assistant as `button.front_entrance_keypad_button_1`.

For more information on working with buttons in Home Assistant, see the [Buttons component](/integrations/button/).

> Available services: `button.press`
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

We probably don't need to document services provided by the underlying entity class since they are documented on the `button` integration

Author: I'm matching the platform documentation in the rest of the document.

```
## Switch

After setup, switches will appear in Home Assistant using an `entity_id` based on the name used in the Lutron mobile app. For example, a light switch called 'Master Bathroom Vanity' will appear in Home Assistant as `switch.master_bathroom_vanity`.

For dimmable lights including wall and plug-in dimmers, see the light section on this page.

For more information on working with switches in Home Assistant, see the [Switches component](/integrations/switch/).

Available services: `switch.turn_on` and `switch.turn_off`.
```

Author: We can remove it from all the platforms in this doc to be consistent?

Reviewer 2: > We can remove it from all the platforms in this doc to be consistent?

Let's do that

Author: ok, done.
